Application APIs (#52)
NethServer/ns8-scratchpad: doc/details.md

Each module can add extra step to the above actions by creating a directory with the of the action itself inside the module implementation,
e.g. `imageroot/actions/myapp/create-module/20mystep`.

##### Recommended actions

As a convention, all modules with a UI should also implement the following actions:

- `configure-module`: it validates the user input and applies the configuration, see [Dokuwiki example](../dokuwiki/imageroot/actions/configure-module)

> - `get-configuration`: it should return current configuration, the output should be equal or similar to configure-moduleinput, see [Dokuwiki example](../dokuwiki/imageroot/actions/get-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get-configuration`: it should return current configuration, the output should be equal or similar to configure-module input, see [Dokuwiki example](../dokuwiki/imageroot/actions/get-configuration)
```
